it's the very last of its kind and has
now gone into a well-deserved retirement
after 56 years production of the bully
in Brazil came to an end with the last
edition above all its versatility made
the bully so popular the bully is
totally charged with emotion when you
sit in it you feel at home right away
and it's brought so many generations
together you can make the bully what you
want it to be it's incredibly versatile
you can turn it into an ice-cream van a
hotdog stand or a mobile bar some people
like to be really original others like
things a little bit crazy a great
vehicle like that bully lets you do
whatever you want the bully evolved from
the beetle and was designed to transport
cargo and people it captured the spirit
of the times and became a cult car all
over the world
Volkswagen began building the t1 at the
UH theater plant near Sao Paulo in 1957
and the t2 followed in 1975 the
Brazilians called it the combi an
abbreviation of the German word that
describes its multi-purpose character
but combi was a best-seller for over
five and a half decades no other vehicle
in the world has ever been produced for
longer than the bully new legislation
which says that vehicles must have
airbags and abs came into force at the
beginning of January when we designed
the combi over 60 years ago people
hadn't heard of airbags and abs even our
outstanding engineers couldn't find a
way to integrate them in this vehicle
become obvious in a spot so roughly 1.1
million calm bees rolled off the
production line in Brazil alone that was
a good reason for Volkswagen de Brazil
to celebrate the success of this model
with a last edition the very last combi
the 1200 fully of this final series made
the long journey back to its
to say a final farewell it was reunited
with the rest of its cult family in the
classic car workshop run by Volkswagen
commercial vehicles in Hanover so the
very last bully marks the end of an era
this is the very last T to see from
Brazil and it brings together everything
that's special about the vehicle the
great colors great feeling we're really
pleased to be giving this model at home
if you ask around if people tell you
they're really sad the van isn't being
built anymore so it's our turn to say
bye-bye bully and thanks for everything